Ideas for Projects this week:

Java coding practice: 

##### create a representation of the 3 color theta map as movable thetas.

Abstraction map:

Jframe
Construct Theta Jcomponent
	- Transparent fill
	- Colors: Red, Green, Blue
Create a movement system
Create an overlap system
Create a scoring system?
- Print # of RGB and rules of combos

##### Moss idea for Tech art.

perams: (? = checkbox)
- moss density (texCoord?)
- moss volume (Height map? + tesselation)
- moss roughness
- additive properties?
	- growth type
		- flowers
		- insects 
			- butterflies
			- caterpillars
			- ladybugs 
- moss color
- gravity effects? 
- procedural generation?

##### Thoughts:

- Intelligence is most dependent of the amount of stamina the brain has. The brain can reduce problems that interfere with intelligence through reducing layers of irrelevant subconscious processes that are knowingly felt as stress, emotion, sickness, ect. The reduction of these processes will unknowingly gift the mind with an increased amount of stamina (focus energy) that can be utilized to accel in conscious processing. For example, in my real analysis + calc 2 class, I became increasingly aware of the indirect correlation between the social unease in the classroom, and the consistency of my class's understanding of the lectures. Our class consists of 7 people. At the beginning of the semester, we treated the class like it was a presentation as opposed to a what we see it as now, a workshop. Our anxiety has deminished as a result of growing close in the past 3 weeks, and we have all had an increase in cognitive ability while discussing/learning as a whole. I feel this comfort within the mathematics community of my school because of the general understanding of how "clouded" thinking is seen outwardly as a lack of potential. I used to feel as if I was one of these people. As my head has developed strategies to deminish this turbulent mode of thought, I have seen my academic potential rise greatly. I acknowledge that some people are not able to control these thoughts, such as people with OCD, autism, or unmedicated/undiagnosed ADHD, and that I am very privileged to be assisted by my family to afford the medication that assists me in controlling these thoughts. If you feel as if you are falling behind your peers, just know that you are NOT less intelligent, you are merely misguided by the system that has failed you. As someone who felt ashamed by my failures in the past regarding education, I can wholeheartedly tell you that "intelligence" had no role in my rehabilitative process. The center-stone of my improvement as an academic has been creating a clean headspace in which to work, and if you want to try and do the same, I recommend meditating by means of creative outlets. Thank you.
- 

##### Math:

Interesting notes from lecture: 

- A telescoping sum is named as such because of how marine sailors used their telescopes to distinguish the time. The telescopes they owned were able to be extended into a rod and collapsed into a ring. This is similar to how a telescoping sum is directly represented as a sum of terms that cancel despite the size of the sum into a part of the first and last element.

- The ptolematic system of relative planetary motion around the earth represents epicycles around the sum as the sum of 3 self correcting vectors.

Review notes and find problems in Spivak